(DOCSP-6610): Adding Markup Guide to Style Guide. (#21)
mongodb/docs-meta: source/style-guide/markup/roles.txt

=====
Roles
=====

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. include:: /includes/styles/corrections.rst

For all mentions of referenced types (i.e. commands, operators,

> expressions, functions, statuses, etc.) use the reference types to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expressions, functions, statuses, an so on), use the reference types to
```
